CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Community Guidelines

At TheFlightSims, we recognize and celebrate the creativity and collaboration of open
source contributors and the diversity of skills, experiences, cultures, and
opinions they bring to the projects and communities they participate in.

Everyone of the communities are inclusive environments, based on treating 
all individuals respectfully, regardless of
gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disabilities,
neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race,
age, religion, or similar personal characteristic.

We value diverse opinions, but we value respectful behavior more.

Respectful behavior includes:

* Being considerate, kind, constructive, and helpful.
* Not engaging in demeaning, discriminatory, harassing, hateful, sexualized, or
  physically threatening behavior, speech, and imagery.
* Not engaging in unwanted physical contact.

Some TheFlightSims open source projects may adopt an explicit project code of
conduct, which may have additional detailed expectations for participants. Most
of those projects will use our modified Contributor Covenant.

## Resolve peacefully

We do not believe that all conflict is necessarily bad; healthy debate and
disagreement often yields positive results. However, it is never okay to be
disrespectful.

If you see someone behaving disrespectfully, you are encouraged to address the
behavior directly with those involved. Many issues can be resolved quickly and
easily, and this gives people more control over the outcome of their dispute.
If you are unable to resolve the matter for any reason, or if the behavior is
threatening or harassing, report it. We are dedicated to providing an
environment where participants feel welcome and safe.

## Reporting problems

Some TheFlightSims open source projects may adopt a project-specific code of conduct.
In those cases, a TheFlightSims employee will be identified as the Project Steward,
who will receive and handle reports of code of conduct violations. In the event
that a project hasn’t identified a Project Steward, you can report problems by
emailing to welcome.tfs@outlook.com.

We will investigate every complaint, but you may not receive a direct response.
We will use our discretion in determining when and how to follow up on reported
incidents, which may range from not taking action to permanent expulsion from
the project and project-sponsored spaces. We will notify the accused of the
report and provide them an opportunity to discuss it before any action is
taken. The identity of the reporter will be omitted from the details of the
report supplied to the accused. In potentially harmful situations, such as
ongoing harassment or threats to anyone's safety, we may take action without
notice.

Commit message:

update docs and wiki
Co-Authored-By: Vo Luu Tuong Anh <anhvlt.2006@theflightsims.com>

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Community Guidelines

At TheFlightSims, we recognize and celebrate the creativity and collaboration of open
source contributors and the diversity of skills, experiences, cultures, and
opinions they bring to the projects and communities they participate in.

Every one of the communities is an inclusive environment, based on treating 
all individuals respectfully, regardless of
gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, and disabilities,
neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race,
age, religion, or similar personal characteristics.

We value diverse opinions, but we value respectful behavior more.

Respectful behavior includes:

* Being considerate, kind, constructive, and helpful.
* Not engaging in demeaning, discriminatory, harassing, hateful, sexualized, or
 physically threatening behavior, speech, and imagery.
* Not engaging in unwanted physical contact.

Some of TheFlightSims' open-source projects may adopt an explicit project code of
conduct, which may have additional detailed expectations for participants. Most
of those projects will use our modified Contributor Covenant.

## Resolve peacefully

We do not believe that all conflict is necessarily bad; healthy debate and
disagreement often yield positive results. However, it is never okay to be
disrespectful.

If you see someone behaving disrespectfully, you are encouraged to address the
behavior directly with those involved. Many issues can be resolved quickly and
easily, and this gives people more control over the outcome of their disputes.
If you are unable to resolve the matter for any reason, or if the behavior is
threatening or harassing, report it. We are dedicated to providing an
environment where participants feel welcome and safe.

## Reporting problems

Some of TheFlightSims' open-source projects may adopt a project-specific code of conduct.
In those cases, a TheFlightSims employee will be identified as the Project Steward,
who will receive and handle reports of code of conduct violations. If a project hasn’t identified a Project Steward, you can report problems by
emailing mailto:report_concern@theflightsims.com

We will investigate every complaint, but you may not receive a direct response.
We will use our discretion in determining when and how to follow up on reported
incidents, which may range from not taking action to permanent expulsion from
the project and project-sponsored spaces. We will notify the accused of the
report and provide them an opportunity to discuss it before any action is
taken. The identity of the reporter will be omitted from the details of the
report supplied to the accused. In potentially harmful situations, such as
ongoing harassment or threats to anyone's safety, we may take action without
notice.
